Scope of V1
this agent should help the developer to get early feedback and so that she can work on the feedback.
this agent should help the review to reduce their time to review the PR.

V1 suggestions
1. Give a score to the PR(verdict saying can be approved, best approval or a few categories) and if the thresould doesnt match, dont tick the check(block the merge)
1a. based on the verdict - the reviewer doesnt have to spend more time reviewing the code or has to spend a lot of time
1b. give an estimated ETA for the review - Ajju says no
1c. block the merge?

2. Always make sure to add a Code reviewer(Not fully autonomous)

3. Give a decision making capability to the Agent
3a. If everything is fine, then go to the code reviewer.
3b. If not, ask for rework by giving the feedback.

4. what should the agent do? Rules? (ask ajju)
5. is this agent to support the reviewer or the developer? (comments to both seperately)
6. Why do we even need commits info? is it neccessary? is it better to take only files changed?
7. Add logs
8. github apps

V1 review:(meher and deepak)
1. instead of color codes mention the categories with colors✅
2. Add formating example in system prompt.✅
3. store each files summary of the repo first. Then check if the pr change is breaking any functionality
 (do it with doc strings or deepwiki or some new agent) (send the file summary & context of the files changed)
{
    "main.py" : "sumary main", - change
    "main2.py" : "summary main", - using main.py functions (imports functions from main.py)
    "readme.md" : "summarty ... "
}
Use RAG for storing Vector embeddings
4.sensitive/pii info in the commits (new agent)
5. multi agent
6. existing system problems ki 2 paras (detailed prompts) each action ki expand prompt
- main prompt okkati (it will direct to the sub prompts) and then children prompt
- all the subprompts are stored in md files. Agent orchestration. build a prompt agent that seletcs the correct md propmpt file
7. what suggestions - optimise code? how?
8. CI logs (later)
9. vLLM for inference



V1:
1. Add new features - Give overall verdict (categories)
2. Allow other users to use github agent(github apps)

Rules:
privacy violations
owasp
syntax errors
memory leaks
code formatting - sonar api(tool)
user wants to see?
categiry of issues and where are they from? its related files
category ki ratings ivvachu
- password vilation(critical, high, medium, low - color coded emojis)
- score code coverage for unit tests 
possible fix(like a stackover flow links) - tool


V2:



V3:
1. track the violations along with commit changes(Ajju idea)
2. Add line wise comment if neccessary.
3. In depth analysis like PDF 
